Quality can never be compromised. Let nothing slide.
A good restaurant does one sort of food brilliantly. A bad restaurant does 50 sorts of food badly.
Good food, good service, good atmosphere, and enjoy what you are doing. It's not that difficult.
Good head chefs get the most out of their team.
The best investment a restaurant owner can make is a great head chef.
Always communicate. The head chef should constantly be talking.
Taste everything before it goes out. That's the only way you can quality control your own food.
Keep a clean kitchen. A dirty kitchen means a bad chef.
A good team will always turnout good food under pressure.
Waste means a lack of profit. Waste nothing.
Know your market. Make what people want to eat where you live.
The owner is responsible for making sure everything runs right.
Know how to buy food. Get a deal. Be creative with less expensive cuts.
People are responsible for their own areas. Other people shouldn't talk for your area.
Ask for help when you need it.
Run the numbers on profit. Know what things cost and how much you make.
Cook what you do best.
Go out and ask people what they want. Don't be afraid to talk to people.
Be gutsy. Believe in what you are doing. Find your bollocks. You must have confidence in your skills.
Don't be afraid to be the bad guy with your staff.
Know your stuff and be the best of the best at your craft.
Keep a distance between the owner/chef and the staff so needed corrections can be given without fear of injurying personal ties.
Don't let your staff eat and drink at the restaurant. It scares away the customers. Keep a distance between both groups.
The cardinal rule of cooking: must be clean, spotless. A clean kitchen means clean food.
Always clean plates before sending them out.
Always be doing something.
The menu should be simple and clear in purpose. No more than two pages.
Serve fresh food for a good price.
Serve what is profitable.
Stay on your staff all the time. Always get the most and the best out of them.
Keep customers happy and spending money.
Treat all your food with love and care.
You can listen to a kitchen and knowing it is running well. You'll hear people talking to each other and working together.
Work the table. Sell your food. Charm them. You want people to order drinks, appetizers, entree, and dessert.
Look at the food and show an interest in what you are doing.
Addition by subtraction. Get rid of people who don't make you better.
Look at what is a bad investment and get rid of it. You need to be tough.
Everything about your restaurant should scream sit and eat here.
A bad looking a restaurant means bad food. Don't let repairs slip. Fix everything immediately.
Always be getting better.
Work for each other.
Make dishes simple. No more than 5 or so tastes in one dish.
People only have an hour for lunch. Take longer than that and they won't come back.
Serve a good lunch and they'll come back for dinner and spend a lot of money.
The owner should be working the customers, not in the kitchen.
Always use fresh ingredients. Don't cook your food ahead of time. Don't deep fry. Don't buy preprepared sauces. Don't microwave. Always cook from scratch. It's better food and cheaper if you know what you are doing.
Have clear lines of responsibility. Know who is in charge.
Don't have too many people. It cuts into profit and makes communication hard.
Work isn't your living room.
All the elements of a dish must be ready at the same time. If they are not then remake it. The only way a dish can be made fresh and on time is if all people on a team communicate.
A cook needs quality equipment to do their jobs. 
Don't appoint yourself head chef if you can't cook.
If you lose all powers of communication under pressure you shouldn't be in the kitchen.
If your chef can't distinguish between heavenly and hellish food combinations then customers won't be coming back for more.
You have to speculate to accumulate. Adapt to your situation and make strengths out of weakness. Example: kids eat free to draw people in.
You are only as good as your last service.
Don't get to ambitious for your skills. Keep it simple or you will close. Go back to basics.
There's no better recommendation then booking a party based on the referral of a customer who ate at your restaurant the night before.
Look the part. Cook the part.
Give a free glass of wine to your customers when you screw up.
Create a warm inviting restaurant.
Don't assume you can run a restaurant just because you worked in one.
Anyone who has not cooked a casserole or filleted a fish should not own a restaurant.
Don't give your establishment a name that sounds like a strip joint.
Do what your people can do. Simplify the menu. Simplify the preparation. Select foods that can be prepared in advance. Create an idiot proof process.
Don't attempt to cook elaborate food before you have mastered the basics.
Show people what they don't know through example. Challenge them. Example: prepare a set of taste tests for the cook so the cook can educate their pallet.
A chef without confidence is like a car without wheels.
Restaurants located on the second floor are the hardest to fill with customers. Strike a deal with the first floor store to advertise your second floor.
Building a reciprocal relationship with the butcher is key.
Sticking to a budget means more profit for the restaurant.
Be able to look at a batch of lamb and know how much profit you can make.
Big softies don't make good cooks.
Adding little bits of sh*t at the end of a dish ruin it.
Using booze to deal with stress makes the kitchen the most dangerous place to be.
Let your passion for food give you a kick instead of booze.
Get back your reputation with a mid week bargain. Know your prices.
Good food at a bargain price doesn't mean anything without good service.
If service does their job right it takes pressure off the kitchen.
Move your ass.
Have frequent staff dinners. Let your younger cooks do the cooking and use all the leftovers in the pantry.
Smile. Enjoy it.
Preparing fresh food injects passion back into the kitchen.
Serving bad food ruins a cook's self esteem.
You are in trouble when nobody takes responsibility and everyone blames each other.
Always put the nights earnings in the bank.
Don't cook everything on the same grill. Use separate pans or flavors from last weeks fish will be in today's veggie medley.
Don't double book. You can't turn more than one table an hour.
Pride and arrogance are what stops you from learning from the provocative lessons dancing in front of your face.
Lazy ways of cooking taint everything you make.
Don't piss off the locals. If the locals aren't happy then you won't make money during the off season.
Create vivid experience based learning sessions. To reduce pride in a charge take them to a bullfighting ring and have them fight an angry bull with nostrils flaring for vengeance. Arrogance fades when a giant multi-horned bull tries to kill you. And once the arrogance melts some learning can occur.
Don't be too clever. Use local ingredients and cook cleanly and simply. Let people taste the food.
You know you are doing well when you aren't stressed; you are communicating; everything seems easy; dishes come back clean; customers leave happy; and you make money.
Eat your own dog food. Eat at your own restaurant and experience what it's like from your customer's perspective. Do you like what you experienced? 
Run your pub, not your kitchen. It's easy for a cook hideout in the kitchen. 
You own the business, so run the business, let the chef cook, and let your people do their jobs.
Don't try to be something you are not. If you are a pub then act like a pub. A pub serves well cooked, simple, traditional food. Don't be a fancy restaurant if that's not your market.
Working a lot of hours doesn't mean you are doing a good job. It just means you are working too hard.
Don't horde junk. Keep what you need to do your job and get rid of all the clutter that keeps you from your main purpose.'
